README.md, before:

[![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Powered%20by&message=Vercel&style=flat&logo=vercel&color=000000)](https://vercel.com?utm_source=meshtastic&utm_campaign=oss)
[![CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/readme/badge/meshtastic/web-flasher)](https://cla-assistant.io/meshtastic/web-flasher)

# Meshtastic Web Flasher

## Introduction

Welcome to the Meshtastic Web Flasher - a user-friendly, robust tool designed for flashing Meshtastic devices. Leveraging the power of Nuxt/Vue and Tailwind CSS, this web application offers an easy-to-use interface for device flashing.

## Key Features

- **Espressif's esptool.js Integration**: Incorporates the official JavaScript port of Espressif's esptool for enhanced robustness and compatibility with newer Espressif silicon.
- **All-in-One Platform Support**: Designed to be a comprehensive solution, supporting a wide range of devices including nRF52 and Pico UF2.
- **Developer-Friendly Design**: Built with Nuxt/Vue, simplifying the development and maintenance process.

## Getting Started

To use the Meshtastic Web Flasher, simply visit [https://flasher.meshtastic.org](https://flasher.meshtastic.org). The website is designed to be intuitive and easy to navigate, allowing you to start flashing your devices right away.

## Contributing

Interested in contributing? Here's how you can get involved:

1. Clone this repository.
2. Make sure to install the dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install --shamefully-hoist
```

3. Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

Check out the full Nuxt [deployment documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/deployment#presets) for more information.

## Feedback and Support

For bug reports, feature requests, or general queries, please open an issue in this repository. Your feedback helps us improve and evolve the Meshtastic Web Flasher.

Thank you for using and supporting the Meshtastic Web Flasher.

## Stats

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/b5590d57a9c3443c86121c36ded22aeb28f709d2.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

## 部署后的地址

MOCREO: https://web-flasher.mocreo.com/

Vobot: https://web-flasher.myvobot.com/

Commit message:

fix(docs): add copyright notice and license information to README

README.md, after:

[![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Powered%20by&message=Vercel&style=flat&logo=vercel&color=000000)](https://vercel.com?utm_source=meshtastic&utm_campaign=oss)
[![CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/readme/badge/meshtastic/web-flasher)](https://cla-assistant.io/meshtastic/web-flasher)

# Meshtastic Web Flasher

## Introduction

Welcome to the Meshtastic Web Flasher - a user-friendly, robust tool designed for flashing Meshtastic devices. Leveraging the power of Nuxt/Vue and Tailwind CSS, this web application offers an easy-to-use interface for device flashing.

## Key Features

- **Espressif's esptool.js Integration**: Incorporates the official JavaScript port of Espressif's esptool for enhanced robustness and compatibility with newer Espressif silicon.
- **All-in-One Platform Support**: Designed to be a comprehensive solution, supporting a wide range of devices including nRF52 and Pico UF2.
- **Developer-Friendly Design**: Built with Nuxt/Vue, simplifying the development and maintenance process.

## Getting Started

To use the Meshtastic Web Flasher, simply visit [https://flasher.meshtastic.org](https://flasher.meshtastic.org). The website is designed to be intuitive and easy to navigate, allowing you to start flashing your devices right away.

## Contributing

Interested in contributing? Here's how you can get involved:

1. Clone this repository.
2. Make sure to install the dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install --shamefully-hoist
```

3. Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

Check out the full Nuxt [deployment documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/deployment#presets) for more information.

## Feedback and Support

For bug reports, feature requests, or general queries, please open an issue in this repository. Your feedback helps us improve and evolve the Meshtastic Web Flasher.

Thank you for using and supporting the Meshtastic Web Flasher.

## Stats

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/b5590d57a9c3443c86121c36ded22aeb28f709d2.svg "Repobeats analytics image")


## Project Information

This project is based on the following open-source project:

- [web-flasher](https://github.com/meshtastic/web-flasher)

## Copyright Notice

Modifications to this project were created by Zack Bonifer and are released under the GNU General Public License Version 3.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 3. See the LICENSE file for details.
